# The Jsons (Team 13)

## Type of meeting held: Virtual

## Which members are present:
- [x] Nick Ehsani
- [x] Guillaume Cristiani
- [x] Brendan Devlin
- [x] Ada Burton
- [x] Dou Kwark
- [x] Zachary Weber
- [x] Amaan Singh
- [x] Matthew Bernard
- [x] Kenny Nguyen

## When & Where the meeting was held:  
Start Time: 7:00PM Place: On Discord

## The agenda of what is discussed:  
- ADRs
- Sprint 2

  

## Any old unresolved business from the previous meeting:  


## Any new business to be discussed:  
 - Status Video
 
## Anything that was on the agenda but was not discussed: (save for next meeting's old business)  


## Any decisions made & their reasoning (if there were dissenting opinions include them, then write why the group decided to make that decision anyways):  
  - template

**When the meeting finished:** 0:00 pm
