# The Jsons (Team 13)

## Type of meeting held: Virtual

## Which members are present:
- [x] Nick Ehsani
- [x] Guillaume Cristiani 
- [x] Brendan Devlin
- [x] Ada Burton
- [x] Dou Kwark
- [x] Zachary Weber
- [ ] Amaan Singh *wifi issue
- [ ] Matthew Bernard
- [x] Kenny Nguyen

## When & Where the meeting was held:  
Start Time: 8:20 pm Place: On Discord

## Intro

- Since during the sprint review, we were having different opinions about how the sprint review is formed, our sprint review meeting unexpectedly ran over. Therefore, as a break from sprint review, we decided to have our retrospective meeting before getting into backlog stage.

- For this second retrospective meeting, we decided to use Miro where we discussed things that we should start doing, stop doing, and continue doing.

## Sharing feelings
- Start Doing:
  - There were many opinions about how we should deal with our progress. Because this week was a midterm week for many of us, we acknowledged that many of us did not dedicate enough time to make progress for the project. 
  - Also, because there are some tasks needed to be done before any other, we shared our opinions about how the solution should be like. One major idea was that we should talk each other more often and more openly. In addition to that, we also discussed the importance of labeling to denote the priority of each task.
  
- Stop Doing:
  - Since there was an argument to find a better way to form our sprint review before we started the retrospective meeting, most of the ideas in stop doing section was about the issues related to the happening. 
  - Another idea was to stop listing works unrelated to our project in daily standup because the standup should be mainly focused on the project and thus unrelated works are something in their personal way.
  
- Keep Doing:
  - There was some different opinions about if the division of labor was equal. Some believe that the division of the work is equal whereas some do not believe that the division is currently not equal. 
  - In terms of the quality of the work, many members agreed that even though our current pace for the project is slow, we have maintained the good quality of the work.

## Conclusion
- We came to the conclusion that we need to have more active communication between each other. We also agreed that we need to leverage the slack in order to achieve better and higher qualitative and quantitative quality for our project.

- We also felt the needs to devise ways to make a better project environment so that everyone can fully dedicate themselves to the project and understand each other.

The work can be found [here](admin\meetings\retrospectives\JSONs Retrospective 2.pdf) 

**When the meeting finished:** 8:50 pm
