# Team number 13 

## Type of meeting held: Virtual

## Which members are present:  
Guillaume Cristiani, Nick Ehsani, Zachary Weber, Ada Burton, Amaan Singh, Kenny Nguyen, Dou Hoon Kwark, Brendan Devlin

## When & Where the meeting was held:  
Start Time: 6:00 pm Place: On Discord  

## The agenda of what is discussed:  
- Icebreaker, Group Kickoff, Github Organisation and repo creation. 
- Delgating roles for branding, group page, and video homework assignments.  
  

## Any old unresolved business from the previous meeting:  
None, first meeting  

## Any new business to be discussed:  
Meeting times, design plans  
 
## Anything that was on the agenda but was not discussed: (save for next meeting's old business)    
Nothing, this is the first meeting  

## Any decisions made & their reasoning (if there were dissenting opinions include them, then write why the group decided to make that decision anyways):  
  - Roles for team mates, including subgroup leads
  - Organisational choices like rough meeting planning
  - Switched to discord rather than slack
  - Assign/delgate groups to upcoming group homework assignments

**When the meeting finished:** 7:50 pm
