# The Jsons (Team 13)

## Type of meeting held: Virtually on discord voice chat

## Which members are present:
- [x] Nick Ehsani
- [x] Guillaume Cristiani
- [x] Brendan Devlin
- [x] Ada Burton
- [x] Dou Kwark
- [x] Zachary Weber
- [x] Amaan Singh
- [x] Matthew Bernard
- [x] Kenny Nguyen

## When & Where the meeting was held:  
Start Time: 7:30 Place: On Discord

## The agenda of what is discussed:  
- the project overview
- Feedback from TA
- Assign members into small teams dedicated to specific tasks
- Briefly go over what to be expected on tasks of each team

## Any old unresolved business from the previous meeting:  
N/A

## Any new business to be discussed and to be done in the future:  
- Put the roadmap task into the first priority
- Break into teams and work on the given tasks to each team
- Start Working on the project pitch as soon as each team finishes their tasks

## Anything that was on the agenda but was not discussed: (save for next meeting's old business)  
N/A

## Any decisions made & their reasoning (if there were dissenting opinions include them, then write why the group decided to make that decision anyways):  
 In team assigning process, we took volunteers for each team and assigned the rest of the members to left spaces based on their preference.
  - ADRs: Kenny, Nick 
  - User Centered Thinking Documents: Zach, Matthew
  - System Diagrams: Brendan, Ada
  - Interface Design Documents: Guiallume, Dou 
  - Roadmap: Amaan, Nick, Kenny ( Nick and Kenny decided to work on both tasks, ADRs and Roadmap )
<br>

  - Set the soft deadline for discussed tasks to be done: Oct 27th (Thursday) except for the project pitch
  - Set the next meeting to be on this weekend; specific time is to be determined through when2meet

**When the meeting finished:** 8:14 pm
