# The Jsons (Team 13)

## Type of meeting held: Virtual

## Which members are present:
- [x] Nick Ehsani
- [x] Guillaume Cristiani
- [x] Brendan Devlin
- [x] Ada Burton
- [x] Dou Kwark
- [ ] Zachary Weber  // out for personal business ( notified team members beforehand )
- [x] Amaan Singh
- [x] Matthew Bernard
- [x] Kenny Nguyen

## When & Where the meeting was held:  
Start Time: 5:00 pm Place: On Discord

## The agenda of what is discussed:  
- Go over items in featuresADR and re-prioritize them if needed
- Go over items in toosADR, discuss them, and decide the tools to use in the project
- Go over items in codeConventionADR and discuss them
- Format the template for the project pitch using Figma  
- Delegate presentation portions to members

## Any old unresolved business from the previous meeting:  
N/A

## Any new business to be discussed and to be done in the future:  
- Clarify what we can use as back-end development ( at least to store the data in the form that we are familiar with ) 
- Decide possible our framework tool, such as **electron**
- Decide what domumentation tool to use, such as **JSDoc**
- Start working on assigned presentation tasks

## Anything that was on the agenda but was not discussed: (save for next meeting's old business)  
N/A

## Any decisions made & their reasoning (if there were dissenting opinions include them, then write why the group decided to make that decision anyways):  
1. Items that were re-prioritized during the meeting; because the time is limited but we still wanted to include them, we moved some features from essential to priority potential.
- View other user book lists and reviews - > from essential to priority potential 
- Display website user stats - > from essential to priority potential 
- adding book recommendations using book data -> from essential to priority potential    
2. Hosting tool: from Docker to local hosting ( because for now, we are focused on local hosting as opposed to server-side hosting )
3. Decided specific our code conventions    
(details can be found under considered options header in [codeConventionADR.md](https://github.com/cse110-fa22-group13/cse110-fa22-group13/blob/main/specs/adrs/codeConventionADR.md))
- commit approval: instead of assinging certain number of people, have the leader of a small group approve the commits.    
4. Decided to use figma to present the project pitch over google slides as it could be more convenient.     
5. Assign portions of the project pitch presentation to members corresponding to their assigned tasks from the last meeting

**When the meeting finished:** 6:55 pm
 
