# The Jsons (Team 13)

## Type of meeting held: Virtual

## Which members are present:
- [x] Nick Ehsani
- [x] Guillaume Cristiani
- [x] Brendan Devlin
- [ ] Ada Burton *notified beforehand
- [x] Dou Kwark
- [x] Zachary Weber
- [x] Amaan Singh
- [x] Matthew Bernard
- [x] Kenny Nguyen

## When & Where the meeting was held:  
Start Time: 4:00 pm Place: On Discord

## The agenda of what is discussed:
- Go over the feedbacks from TA
- Re-prioritize items on featuresADR to be accordance with the feedbacks
- Decide the undecided conventions in ADRs from the last meeting
- ~~Discuss team split and the roles of teams~~
- Created todo tasks for first sprint and assigned the tasks to members
    
## Any old unresolved business from the previous meeting:  
- Decide whether we want to use Electron JS as our packager or other potential packagers: Decided to use Electron JS
    
## Any new business to be discussed and to be done in the future:      
- Created todo tasks using Github Projects and Issues; it can be found on [Issues](https://github.com/cse110-fa22-group13/cse110-fa22-group13/issues)
- Set the deadline to be next week
 
## Anything that was on the agenda but was not discussed: (save for next meeting's old business)  
N/A
    
## Any decisions made & their reasoning (if there were dissenting opinions include them, then write why the group decided to make that decision anyways):  
1. Made changes on the feature implementation list after receiving feedback from Malcolm.
- Repriortized some features involving Social Media and user accounts to out of scope or potential
- Moved some CRUD features to higher priority
- Other details can be found on [codeConventionADR.md](https://github.com/cse110-fa22-group13/cse110-fa22-group13/blob/main/specs/adrs/featuresADR.md)
    
2. Decided to use Electron JS as a packager to transform our website into desktop app form ( agreed with the idea to build a desktop application because we are focused on local-first implementation )

3. One dissenting opinion took place during the discussion about the team split and the roles of teams, which was that once we split into small teams and assign tasks to each team, it might cause some teams to have a heavier workload than the others. Rather than permanently splitting into small teams, we decided to group people upon our needs.

4. One opinion about the number of commits in the repository; if the number of commits is not controlled and display the exponential number growth, it would seem to show an uncontrolled and unorganized project process. Therefore, we will utilize the Github Projects and Issues to minimize the number of commits.
    
**When the meeting finished:** 5:48 pm
