# The Jsons (Team 13)

## Type of meeting held: Virtual

## Which members are present:
- [x] Nick Ehsani
- [x] Guillaume Cristiani
- [x] Brendan Devlin
- [x] Ada Burton
- [x] Dou Kwark
- [x] Zachary Weber
- [ ] Amaan Singh *wifi issue
- [x] Matthew Bernard * joined at 9:11 PM
- [x] Kenny Nguyen

## When & Where the meeting was held:  
Start Time: 7:40PM Place: On Discord

## Sprint goal:
- Our goals for this second sprint were to build the fundamental framework uncompleted from the last meeting and connect the bridge from the framework to the full CRUD system that we need to accomplish for the project.

## accomplishment
- Built book entries page based on wireframe
  - With base code from index.html, built the book entries page
- Reorganize the source folder structure
  - Upon the growing size of files in source directory, organized the assets in a better way and updated the code accordingly
- Update and create new and existing ADRs
- Documented the first draft for the current CI
  - It includes CI pipeline, diagrams, page, and introducing video
- Updated the code base previsouly implemented from the first sprint so that it can be in accordance with the new code implemented within this second sprint
- Created more labels for Github issues
  
## Feedback
- Need to discuss the need for the existance of the current homepage
  - As the project proceeds, we have decided to more focus on CRUD features. The current homepage does not offer any feature that a user can make a change. Therefore, we are doubting the need of having the current homepage. We will make the further decision after talking with Malcolm.

- Acknowledged that we are currently in a slow pace for the project.

- Need to start more CRUD features to catch up the appropriate project pace. 

- Need to get confirmation if we need to implement the responsive feature for our project.

- Need to make more labels concerning the level of difficulty to complete each task so that the division of the work can be more equally distributed.

- Have to find out the proper format of how sprint review should be formed and proceed
  - How far do we need to describe our works during the sprint review meeting?
  - What items do we need to discuss during the sprint review meeting?

**Before the Backlog, we paused the meeing at 8:20pm for a break/retrospective meeting and resumed it at 8:50pm**

## Backlog
- Items needed to be continued and improved from the first sprint are pushed into backlog of the sprint 3.
- Created tasks related to CRUD features, such as Add, Update, and Delete book entries.
- Created unit testing tasks for CRUD features.
- Created a task to set Jest in our CI environment.
- Created a task for team status video due to the assignment
- Created a task to implement reponsive feature for the book entries page.
- The details can be found on [issues](https://github.com/cse110-fa22-group13/cse110-fa22-group13/issues)

**When the meeting finished:** 9:55pm
