# The Jsons (Team 13)

## Type of meeting held: Virtual

## Which members are present:
- [x] Nick Ehsani
- [x] Guillaume Cristiani
- [x] Brendan Devlin
- [x] Ada Burton
- [x] Dou Kwark
- [x] Zachary Weber
- [x] Amaan Singh 
- [] Matthew Bernard *present but afk
- [x] Kenny Nguyen

## When & Where the meeting was held:  
Start Time: 6:00PM Place: On Discord

## Sprint goal:
- 

## accomplishment
- 
  
## Feedback
- 



## Backlog
- Items needed to be continued and improved from the first sprint are pushed into backlog of the sprint 3.
- Created tasks related to CRUD features, such as Add, Update, and Delete book entries.
- Created unit testing tasks for CRUD features.
- Created a task to set Jest in our CI environment.
- Created a task for team status video due to the assignment
- Created a task to implement responsive feature for the book entries page.
- The details can be found on [issues](https://github.com/cse110-fa22-group13/cse110-fa22-group13/issues)

**When the meeting finished:** 6:35pm
